Bundler: Update BUG_TRIAGE.md (#5787)
rubygems/rubygems: bundler/doc/contributing/BUG_TRIAGE.md

Everyone is welcome and encouraged to fix any open bug, improve an error message or add documentation. If you have a fix or an improvement to a ticket that you would like to contribute, we have a small guide to help:

  1. Discuss the fix on the existing issue. Coordinating with everyone else saves duplicate work and serves as a great way to get suggestions and ideas if you need any.

>   2. Base your commits on the correct branch. Bugfixes for 2.x versions of Bundler should be based on the matching 2-x-stable branch.

Reviewer: I think we can remove this point. PRs should be created against the main branch and backports are handled by maintainers.

Author: Removed the line in the latest commit.

  3. Review the [pull request guide](../development/PULL_REQUESTS.md).
  4. Commit the code with at least one test covering your changes to a named branch in your fork.
  5. Send us a [pull request](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/about-pull-requests) from your bugfix branch.

> You do not have to update [CHANGELOG](../../CHANGELOG.md) in your PR. Release manager(s) will prepare it from the title of each PR.

Reviewer: It's actually a release script that prepares the changelog from PR titles :)

Author: Do you want not to add this line? 😁

Reviewer: Sorry, I should've suggested something. I'd go with.

```suggestion
You do not have to update [CHANGELOG](../../CHANGELOG.md) in your PR. Our release scripts will automatically prepare it from the title of each PR.
```
